c:\users\pavel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CarsSystem\CarsSystem.Console\bin\Debug\CarsSystem.Console.exe.config
c:\users\pavel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CarsSystem\CarsSystem.Console\bin\Debug\CarsSystem.Console.exe
c:\users\pavel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CarsSystem\CarsSystem.Console\bin\Debug\CarsSystem.Console.pdb
c:\users\pavel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CarsSystem\CarsSystem.Console\bin\Debug\CarsSystem.Data.dll
c:\users\pavel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CarsSystem\CarsSystem.Console\bin\Debug\CarsSystem.Models.dll
c:\users\pavel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CarsSystem\CarsSystem.Console\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\pavel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CarsSystem\CarsSystem.Console\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\pavel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CarsSystem\CarsSystem.Console\bin\Debug\CarsSystem.Data.pdb
c:\users\pavel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CarsSystem\CarsSystem.Console\bin\Debug\CarsSystem.Models.pdb
c:\users\pavel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CarsSystem\CarsSystem.Console\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\pavel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CarsSystem\CarsSystem.Console\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\pavel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CarsSystem\CarsSystem.Console\obj\Debug\CarsSystem.Console.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\pavel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CarsSystem\CarsSystem.Console\obj\Debug\CarsSystem.Console.exe
c:\users\pavel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CarsSystem\CarsSystem.Console\obj\Debug\CarsSystem.Console.pdb
c:\users\pavel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CarsSystem\CarsSystem.Console\bin\Debug\Data.Json.Files\data.0.json
c:\users\pavel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CarsSystem\CarsSystem.Console\bin\Debug\Data.Json.Files\data.1.json
c:\users\pavel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CarsSystem\CarsSystem.Console\bin\Debug\Data.Json.Files\data.2.json
c:\users\pavel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CarsSystem\CarsSystem.Console\bin\Debug\Data.Json.Files\data.3.json
c:\users\pavel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CarsSystem\CarsSystem.Console\bin\Debug\Data.Json.Files\data.4.json
c:\users\pavel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CarsSystem\CarsSystem.Console\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\pavel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CarsSystem\CarsSystem.Console\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
